my name is Agustin burrows I polish my
allowance
why Agustin why cuz I like shiny things
I really don't see myself in you at all
I'm more like my mom
your mother was meant to be a very
famous woman my father just didn't
understand my mother in me for 30 I have
a reading I got stuck in traffic
you're trying to sabotage me I'm unhappy
I'm not happy I need to see both U and D
etre on a regular and discipline basis
for five hours a day I'm available
doctor 55 hours a day I can't do that I
have to work see I told you if I'm
married to a narcissist he's leaving
just you and me baby come here I failed
as a wife and a mother yes you have
where do I begin to tell the story of
how my mother left me your mother is in
a state of crisis what is this adoption
papers doctor benches are great to
become your legal guardian you're giving
me away to your shrink Oh dr. Finch is
sort of an unusual shrink would you like
some of these what are they just got
some samples in the mail so I don't know
words cannot describe these people just
a little kibble for dogs why I guess
you're afraid to try new things Agustin
dr. Finch has two daughters of the
daughters hope is by far Finch's
favorite I know this because hope you
are by far my favorite daughter
and then there's Natalie you ready what
play doctor what are you guys doing
electroshock therapy awesome
we've been spending a lot of time at the
Fisher's house other other options are
not aware of based on the personal
memoir running with scissors
a film by Ryan Murphy Brian had a drink
in three years oh excuse me could you
get him a medal and that's it Brian Cox
Joseph Fiennes Evan Rachel Wood Alec
bolt
Jill Clayburgh and Joseph cross as a
Gustin burn the ceiling was crushing us
so we made a skylight I think it brings
a much-needed sense of humor to the
kitchen
[Music]